feat: Design document for distributed architecture (#7)
intel-retail/documentation: Architecture/distributed-architecture.md

# Distributed Architecture

<!--ts-->

- [Status](#status)
- [Decision](#decision)
- [Context](#context)
- [Proposed Design](#proposed-design)
- [Consequences](#consequences)
- [References](#references)

<!--te-->

## Decision

<!-- Requirements approval board will update this section with justification for approval or rejection -->

## Context  

<!-- Please provide context to the requirement. -->

> To a wider variety of computer vision use cases in the real world a distributed inference architecture is required for deployment and scale. To do this OpenVINO Model Server (OVMS) will be used to do server side inferencing. The new architecture will lose some inference throughput but gain flexibility and scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To a wider variety of computer vision use cases in the real world a distributed inference architecture is required for deployment and scale. To achieve this, OpenVINO Model Server (OVMS) will be used for server side inferencing as part of the architecture design. The new architecture will lose some inference throughput but gain flexibility and scale.
```

## Proposed Design 

<!-- Please provide a high level design of the proposed requirement. -->

> Using OpenVINO Model Server (OVMS) pipeline workloads can be distributed between different services. For our solution a single system and remote server setup will be supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using OpenVINO Model Server (OVMS) pipeline, workloads can be distributed between different services. For our solution a single system and remote server setup will be supported.
```
